# Skillable Community Course - Installation Storage Compute with Windows
## MCT Community contributions

Hey MCT’s, this is intended to grow and make community bigger. To support this hands-on-lab, we will need to make frequent updates to the course content to keep it current with the services used in the course. It is strongly recommended that MCTs access these materials and in turn, provide any additional constructive feedback which might help improve upon the quality of this course. Any MCT can submit bugs, changes, improvements, and ideas. Find a new feature before we have? Submit those ideas and suggestions! 

**Terms of Use**: You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Skillable reserves the right to bar any such activity. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to Skillable, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the course, Site, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Skillable. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the course or any transaction being conducted on the Site. You may not use this course or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Apple or others.

**Disclaimer**: Skillable is not liable for any damages arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use this course or any material contained in it, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this course. This course offers links to other sites and courses thereby enabling you to leave this site and go directly to the linked location. Skillable is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link within a linked site. Skillable is not responsible for any transmission received from any linked site. These links are provided to assist learners and the inclusion of a link does not imply that Skillable endorses or has approved the linked site.
